
#README
by David Chao  
MDD1305  

Project Name: VG_Unstuck  

What this website application does is allow users to keep a list of video games they own, keep track of their progress in the game, and if the status is 'Stuck,' there will be an 'Unstuck Me' feature that will show links to YouTube videos based on the comments added to the entry to guide the user.

###Installation guide:

1. Download the zip from github repository and extract the folder to your htdocs (if you use MAMP). Make note of the folder name (most likely MDD1305-master; will be referred to as 'abovefoldername' below)
2. Home page starts at http://localhost:8888/abovefoldername/public
3. CRUD pages start at http://localhost:8888/abovefoldername/public/game
4. Before trying any CRUD functions, the database will be need to be created. The name of the DB I use is mdd1305. After mdd1305 is created, run the entire command in the latest .sql file inside abovefoldername/assets to create the tables. (If you need to create the tables in another database and/or location, be sure to change the settings in abovefoldername/fuel/app/config/db.php or else it won't connect.)  
NOTE: you will need to download the fuel/core and fuel/packages folder from the FuelPHP site fuelphp.com since git will not push it to github for some reason. If you get a notice about updating composer, you will need to run that command in Terminal at http://localhost:8888/abovefoldername/. If the home page does not load, try loading the CRUD pages (above)

---

###Notes for 2.1:

* API Proof of Concept is found in the abovefoldername/assets folder - file: api.html
* Style Guides are also found in the same assets folder - .jpg files
* Responsive design can be tested by resizing the window at the CRUD pages.
* Not all styles from style guides may be implemented.

###Notes for 2.2:

* The Index/View/Edit pages show 'User' field for now because authentication is not yet implemented. You should no longer see this field in future versions
* Signup View will be delivered once authentication is implemented
* List and Details views will receive more changes in future versions


###Notes for 3.1: Please use 3.11 for review. See Notes below

* You should be able to create a user account, log in, add a game, see the game you just added, view details for any entries you just created ('Stuck' should see an 'Unstuck Me' button), edit any of your entries, delete any of your entries, logout. You can also test my login (user:davidchao pw:password)
* auth.php, simpleauth.php, config.php config files added/updated for authentication
* Auth controller and session checking added
* Signup View now delivered. /auth/create.php accessed by the "Not a member?" button
* User restrictions in place. Users should be not able to create/read/update/delete other users' entries or while not logged in
* Signal content: what does this mean? how is it done? suggestions welcome
* Subscribe to other users: there isn't a feed generated by user actions nor do I think it's currently necessary given the current functionality. suggestions welcome
* Report misuse: tentative plan to send email to developer (me) with a button, same function as the 'Need Help' button. Not yet implemented
* No character for password validations yet! Password reset placeholder button not yet implemented
* Logo and Unstuck button still not yet implemented

### Notes for 3.11:

* Added SQL dump to assets folder. It was left off 3.1

###Notes for 3.2:

* Style guide for user profile is the same as signup
* User can now edit their user profile (again no input field validations yet; date input field only works in safari and opera at the moment)

---

GitHub created for 1305 Mobile Device Deployment Online at Fullsail University
